---
title: About me
description: About me
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

# About

## Who are you?

I'm David Len, a software developer, music producer. 

In the past I did quantitative research in finance and wrote for Medium (top writer in DS and DDI). I liked the math, data, and code, but I didn't like the world I was creating. 

Now, I want to make cool stuff, write about very complicated topics, and hopefully work with a team who shares my values one day. 

## Why your website look so techy?

Most CMS websites (Substack, Medium, etc.) are too restrictive in format. Turns out the documentation templates for GitHub Pages are perfect for my use case, personal portfolio and logs. 

It is also much user friendly for people or LLM who just want to datamine my content.

Since I can code I might as well build it on top of other people who are better developers than me. It actually takes less time for me to setup compared to other CMS sites. [^1]

[^1]: While music production is what I do the most, the risk of AI-generated content is a realistic threat to my career. The best way is to keep learning better ways to build. Maintaining this site is one way to force me to keep doing code and to keep up with trends in AI.

## Do you use AI to create your content?

In 2025, who doesn't? Spellchecks, grammar check, and now text autocomplete to some extension are considered AI. 

That said, **if a majority of the content is generated by AI, it will have a disclaimer**. It is important to me that you know the content I make is by own work.

Typically,  I only use AI-generated as a placeholder to fill up some pages, then I eventually replace it with my voice. 

You are more likely to see AI-similar content in the docs. 

### What about your blog? 

No, blogs are purely unfiltered. AI is only used to proofread obvious mistakes, missing context I took readers for granted, simulating reader experience to my drafts so I know how to edit and reduce, and to suggest/refresh sources and citations. 

If the blog contains any views, it will be mine and not by AI.

### What about your music and lyrics?
Not a fan of AI-art, but it would be dogmatic to dismiss its applications like many other "threatened artists". 

I tried to make it work, but I come to the conclusion that AI-generated art have too much noise to signal. 

IMO, AI is great at creating "commodity" information. If you see music or lyrics as a commodity, then AI would be a suitable tool. Most people I know don't agree that music is a commodity. [^2]

[^2]: Lyrics are challenging and uses a different part of my brain to create. I have to forget a large part my "cached memory" for composing to work on lyrics. Given my problem, I would tried letting AI enhance this part of my work. In my experience, AI is good at finding rhymes, but the story and theme just don't fit the expression I want. AI has been a net loss to productivity when it comes to helping me out on art.

Besides, the act of discovering signals, expression through art is the fun part, so why am I giving all the fun away to AI? 

## Your blog is controversial

Maybe? I'm not trying to go for traffic or virality with the blog. There are complicated problems and stories in the world that lyrics, music, software cannot capture. 

In code, there is right and wrong. In music there is harmony and noise. Blog is the remaining place to capture opinions, personalities, philosophy. 

I don't ask anyone to understand the world like I do and there is no profit motive when I share my ideas (unlike newspapers, 21st-century journalism). There is no likes and dislikes here too, so there is no public attention for me to optimize for. 

## What's your endgame? 
> To get so rich I can finally retire and play gacha games all day!

If you read enough of my blog, you will see that [I don't want to get rich in the ways most people understand.](blog/we-cant-all-get-rich-off-compound-interest) 

No, that's going to get old. 

I'm going to get old. 

There will be a time when I'll be forgotten, neglected, and burdened with commitments to the old, young, state, family, community. I could think very far ahead and try to make a legacy out of something, but at the age of 28 (as at 2025), I'm happy with just doing stuff. 

I don't want to be alone, and I don't want to hang out with boring people. Everything I'm doing is only for this 2 objectives.  

That is if I'm thinking of myself. If I have to think about others, then if someone has a good idea that I can help with, it could be my next purpose. 

There will be a time when I stop being the best -- someone young will want to make a name for themselves and I got to be strong enough to help them out in finance, experience. It won't sit right if I make my pot of gold and sit on it until the world ends.

If you can save me the trouble to look for those things, why not reach out to me [here](/collab/)? 

## Can I work with you? 

Reach out to me at [collab](/collab/).


---

